Async Python Docs (#277)
dbos-inc/dbos-docs: docs/python/tutorials/transaction-tutorial.md

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

:::warning

> At this time, DBOS does not support coroutine transactions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this time, DBOS does not support async transactions. 
```

> Decorating a coroutine with `@DBOS.transaction` will raise an error at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Decorating an `async def` function with `@DBOS.transaction` will raise an error at runtime.
```
